[WIP] Add support to read files from  directories and various sources using a URL and add file watcher support for `paths` arguments (#25)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-terraform: docs/index.md

You can also mention [wildcards](https://pkg.go.dev/path/filepath#Match) and support `**` for recursive matching. For example:

- `github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws//*.tf` matches all top-level Terraform configuration files in the specified repository.
- `github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws//**/*tf` matches all Terraform configuration files in the specified repository and all sub-directories.
- `github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws//**/*tf?ref=fix_7677` matches all Terraform configuration files in the specific tag of a repository.

You can specify a subdirectory after a double-slash (`//`) if you want to download only a specific subdirectory from a downloaded directory.

```hcl
connection "terraform" {
  plugin = "terraform"

  paths = [ "github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws//aws-test/tests/aws_acm_certificate//*.tf" ]
}
```

Similarly, you can define a list of GitLab and BitBucket URLs to search for the Terraform configuration files.

```hcl
connection "terraform" {
  plugin = "terraform"

  paths = [

>     "github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws//**/*tf",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws//**/*.tf",
```

    "bitbucket.org/benturrell/terraform-arcgis-portal//modules//**/*.tf",
    "gitlab.com/gitlab-org/configure/examples/gitlab-terraform-aws//*.tf",
    "gitlab.com/gitlab-org/configure/examples/gitlab-terraform-aws//**/*.tf"
  ]
}
```

#### Configuring S3 URLs

As a part of reading files from remote, you can also query all Terraform configuration files stored inside an S3 bucket (public or private) using the URL. For example:

- **Accessing a private bucket**

  In order to access your files in a private S3 bucket, you will need to configure your credentials. You can use your configured AWS profile from local `~/.aws/config`, or pass the credentials using the standard AWS environment variables (i.e. `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`, `AWS_REGION`).

  **Note:** Make sure that `region` is configured in the config. If not set in the config, `region` will be fetched from the standard environment variable (i.e. `AWS_REGION`).

  You can authenticate your request by using the above credential option in the URL path. For example:

  ```hcl
  connection "terraform" {
    plugin = "terraform"

    paths = [

>       "s3::https://bucket-2.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com//*.tf?aws_profile=<AWS_PROFILE>",

Author: @cbruno10, if `region` is not set using the environment variable, it will check for the `region` value set in the config. If it is not set there, the request will fail with a `MissingRegion` error.

      "s3::https://bucket-2.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/test_folder//*.tf?aws_profile=<AWS_PROFILE>"
    ]
  }
  ```

  **Note:**

>   By default, users from the same account where the bucket is created can access the bucket objects if the user has basic S3 read access. If you are not the bucket owner and can't access a bucket, ask the owner to update the bucket policy with the required access. You will need basic read access for the bucket and object to run the query. You can refer to the sample bucket policy mentioned below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  In order to access the bucket, the IAM user or role will require the following IAM permissions:
    - `s3:ListBucket`
    - `s3:GetObject`
    - `s3:GetObjectVersion`
  
  If the bucket is in another AWS account, the bucket policy will need to grant your user or role access. For example:
```

  ```json
  {
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
      {
        "Sid": "ReadBucketObject",
        "Effect": "Allow",
        "Principal": {
          "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/YOUR_USER"
        },
        "Action": [
          "s3:ListBucket",
          "s3:GetObject",
          "s3:GetObjectVersion"
        ],
        "Resource": [
          "arn:aws:s3:::test-bucket1",
          "arn:aws:s3:::test-bucket1/*"
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
  ```

  Also, ensure the credentials/profile passed in the URL are valid. Otherwise, the query will fail with an error code `403`.

- **Accessing a public bucket**

>   Public access granted to buckets and objects allows all the users inside/outside the organization to access the bucket and objects stored inside it. You can give the public access to buckets and objects through access control lists (ACLs), bucket policies, or both. To identify a public bucket, you can use the below AWS CLI command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Public access granted to buckets and objects through ACLs and bucket policies allows any user access to data in the bucket. We do not recommend making S3 buckets public, but if there are specific objects you'd like to make public, please see [How can I grant public read access to some objects in my Amazon S3 bucket?
](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/read-access-objects-s3-bucket/).
```

>   ```bash
>   aws s3api get-bucket-policy-status --bucket <BUCKET_NAME>
>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- `*.tf` matches all Terraform configuration files in the CWD.
- `**/*.tf` matches all Terraform configuration files in the CWD and all sub-directories.
- `../*.tf` matches all Terraform configuration files in the CWD's parent directory.
- `steampipe*.tf` matches all Terraform configuration files starting with "steampipe" in the CWD.
- `/path/to/dir/*.tf` matches all Terraform configuration files in a specific directory. For example:
  - `~/*.tf` matches all Terraform configuration files in the home directory.
  - `~/**/*.tf` matches all Terraform configuration files recursively in the home directory.
- `/path/to/dir/main.tf` matches a specific file.

```hcl
connection "terraform" {
  plugin = "terraform"

  paths = [ "*.tf", "~/*.tf", "/path/to/dir/main.tf" ]
}
```

**NOTE:** If paths includes `*`, all files (including non-Terraform configuration files) in the CWD will be matched, which may cause errors if incompatible file types exist.

#### Configuring GitHub URLs

You can define a list of URL as input to search for terraform files from a variety of protocols. For example:

> - `github.com/turbot/polygoat//*.tf` matches all top-level Terraform configuration files in the specified github repository.

Reviewer: I tried to use this in my paths, but I was prompted for my GitHub login:
```
cbruno@M1P ~ % steampipe query
Welcome to Steampipe v0.17.0-alpha.28
For more information, type .help
Username for 'https://github.com':
```
If I try to ctrl+c without entering my username, I go into a state of limbo and have to kill Steampipe from another terminal:
```
cbruno@M1P ~ % vim ~/.steampipe/config/terraform.spc
cbruno@M1P ~ % steampipe query
Welcome to Steampipe v0.17.0-alpha.28
For more information, type .help
                                 >
>
> .quit

.quit
```

Right after I kill the Steampipe process and tried again, I got the error below and Steampipe crashed:
```
bruno@M1P ~ % steampipe query
Welcome to Steampipe v0.17.0-alpha.28
For more information, type .help

Error: connection closed before server preface received
```

On my 3rd try, when I tried to enter my username into the GitHub username prompt and hit enter, it seemed to break:
```
cbruno@M1P ~ % steampipe query
Welcome to Steampipe v0.17.0-alpha.28
For more information, type .help
                                 > cbruno10
⠹ Initializing...
```

So I have 2 questions from this interaction:
- Is logging into Git required? Is there a step users have to run first? I have Git configured on my system already and typically use SSH to pull/push with repos.
- It seems like the Steampipe CLI  doesn't expect or handle this prompt gracefully today, did you run into this at all while testing?

I'll also note that using the `git::...` example below, I was not prompted and I was able to query the correct tables + rows.

Reviewer: Another note, it prompts me for my GitHub username even before running any queries (and what looks like to be before the `Initializing...` step finishes).

- `github.com/turbot/polygoat//**/*tf` matches all Terraform configuration files in the specified github repository and all sub-directories.
- `github.com/turbot/polygoat?ref=fix_7677//**/*tf` matches all Terraform configuration files in the specific tag of github repository.
- `git::https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-alicloud.git//alicloud-test/tests/alicloud_account//*.tf` matches all Terraform configuration files in the given HTTP URL using the Git protocol.

If you want to download only a specific subdirectory from a downloaded directory, you can specify a subdirectory after a double-slash (`//`).

- `github.com/turbot/polygoat//testing_frameworks/steampipe_mod_benchmark//*.tf` matches all Terraform configuration files in the specific folder of a github repo.

```hcl
connection "terraform" {
  plugin = "terraform"

  paths = [ "github.com/turbot/polygoat//*.tf", "github.com/turbot/polygoat//testing_frameworks/steampipe_mod_benchmark//*.tf", "git::https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-alicloud.git//alicloud-test/tests/alicloud_account//*.tf" ]
}
```

#### Configuring S3 URLs

> You can also pass a S3 bucket URL to search all Terraform configuration files stored in the specified S3 bucket. For example:

Reviewer: What permissions are used to access the S3 bucket URL? Do I need to configure the AWS CLI creds, or something else? Are only publicly readable buckets valid/readable with this feature?

Reviewer: I tried to access a non-public bucket in `ap-northeast-2` with `paths = ["s3::https://s3-.amazonaws.com/bucket/my-bucket-name//**/*.tf"]` and received the following error:
```
cbruno@M1P ~ % steampipe query
Welcome to Steampipe v0.17.0-alpha.28
For more information, type .help
> select * from terraform_resource

Error: failed to get directory specified by the source s3::https://s3.amazonaws.com/bucket/my-bucket-name: error downloading 'https://s3.amazonaws.com/bucket/my-bucket-name': AccessDenied: Access Denied
	status code: 403, request id: WVPPEQDG2PTJCCKM, host id: jg2b0ZKlCD7aQo+wrgf3l624... (SQLSTATE HV000)

+------+------+-----------+-------+-----------+----------+------------+-----------+----------+------------+----------+--------+------+------+
| name | type | arguments | count | count_src | for_each | depends_on | lifecycle | provider | start_line | end_line | source | path | _ctx |
+------+------+-----------+-------+-----------+----------+------------+-----------+----------+------------+----------+--------+------+------+
+------+------+-----------+-------+-----------+----------+------------+-----------+----------+------------+----------+--------+------+------+

Time: 66ms.
```

I then tried adjusting paths to be `paths = ["s3::https://s3-ap-northeast-2.amazonaws.com/bucket/my-bucket-name//**/*.tf"]` based on https://github.com/hashicorp/go-getter#s3-bucket-examples, but got another error:
```
cbruno@M1P ~ % steampipe query
Welcome to Steampipe v0.17.0-alpha.28
For more information, type .help
> select * from terraform_resource

Error: failed to get directory specified by the source s3::https://s3-ap-northeast-2.amazonaws.com/bucket/my-bucket-name: error downloading 'https://s3-ap-northeast-2.amazonaws.com/bucket/my-bucket-name': BucketRegionError: incorrect region, the bucket is not in 'ap-northeast-2' region at endpoint '', bucket is in 'us-east-1' region
	status code: 301, request id: RHSD3M5M1V78WDRK, host id: zo8UUNiRzXXuEU/5/CQLSoZQpFOLWMsCaB1cyGDcaN... = (SQLSTATE HV000)

+------+------+-----------+-------+-----------+----------+------------+-----------+----------+------------+----------+--------+------+------+
| name | type | arguments | count | count_src | for_each | depends_on | lifecycle | provider | start_line | end_line | source | path | _ctx |
+------+------+-----------+-------+-----------+----------+------------+-----------+----------+------------+----------+--------+------+------+
+------+------+-----------+-------+-----------+----------+------------+-----------+----------+------------+----------+--------+------+------+

Time: 265ms.
```

I have my default AWS creds setup for this account, and confirmed I can access it through the AWS CLI:
```
cbruno@M1P ~ % aws s3api get-bucket-location --bucket my-bucket-name
{
    "LocationConstraint": "ap-northeast-2"
}
```

Author: @cbruno10 can you update your path to use the following?
```
paths = ["s3::https://s3.ap-northeast-2.amazonaws.com/bucket/my-bucket-name//**/*.tf"]
```

- `s3::https://s3.amazonaws.com/bucket/terraform_examples//**/*.tf` matches all the Terraform configuration files recursively.

```hcl
connection "terraform" {
  plugin = "terraform"

  paths = [ "s3::https://s3.amazonaws.com/bucket/terraform_examples//**/*.tf" ]
}
```

> 

Reviewer: I think we should also support GCP buckets, as go-getter seems to support it (https://github.com/hashicorp/go-getter#gcs-gcs).

I saw the issue opened by another user, that we already commented on as well, https://github.com/hashicorp/go-getter/issues/358, but I'm wondering if we could fork, make the changes from `gcs` to `gs`, submit back a PR, and use the fork in the meantime.
